hey everyone it's me again I'm so sorry
I haven't filmed a video in a long time
I was actually in France for two weeks
so I could not edit or fill a video
because I was just so busy but Here I am
again so I am going to do a how to paint
your toenails tutorial and this is
perfect because school is just about to
start at least for me in a week and I'm
actually gonna be starting high school
for the first time so today that should
be fun so yeah let's get started okay to
paint our toenails let's get in a
comfortable position first we're gonna
be clipping our toenails this is a
Revlon toenail clipper I got it at CVS
we're gonna be clipping and sort
toenails aren't too long just like this
you know don't put them to shirt but
make them nice to the little whitish
Angra not too much
okay so after you're finished clipping
your toenails
you'll put away your toenail clipper
until you do the other foot and now
we're gonna grab our nail file this is
purple you just find it basically at any
drugstore and we're just going to be
filing the ends of our toes sieve it a
nice shape so they're not pointy at the
end so it doesn't like stab the side of
your skin it's good to file them down so
now that we're done we're just gonna put
that off the side now okay so now this
is a box of tissues what you're gonna
want to do is you want to pull out one
tissue and roll it on the sides twist it
and put it in between your toes this is
like a like toe separators except if you
don't have them this is an easy solution
so now you're gonna want to wrap the
tissue around your toes like so and now
I have access but you may not if you do
you just if you have enough you can even
tie it or if not just rip off the ends
like this okay now that you're done
you're gonna take a nail polish here I'm
using OPI is a good man Duren is hard to
find it's a nice kind of orange color in
here now we're just gonna start I
usually like to start with my big toe
and I like to start at the very
beginning where my cuticle is and go all
the way up and do it in nice long
strokes and occasionally if I run out of
nail polish then I'll go get more and
when I get to the sides I like to kind
of curb this side of the brush so that
you can get the sides but not go over so
you don't get it on the side of your
toes and you just keep doing that and if
you do get some on the side of your toes
like that you just go around and put
your fingernail right where as a nail is
and you can get it off but don't do your
fingernails and then do your toes
because you might get some nail polish
on your manicure so that won't really
make any sense to do that so now you
want to continue and obviously as you
can see when you keep painting your toes
as you go down to the next so it's gonna
get smaller so then you're gonna have to
do less and
strokes okay so now we're gonna do is a
pinkie toe for me my skin kinda goes
over better my pinkie says so it's
harder to do really what I like to do is
I just kind of like to dab it and then
the excess I just try to get off okay
so now we're done with the first foot
okay
so now that we're done we're gonna take
off the tissue paper so you need to
slowly unwrap it from each end and try
not to get your toes if they're
silhouette thank you for watching this
tutorial I hope you enjoyed it